Correct, that's really a jump. We've been married for three years,
He also hid it from me for three years.
When the Heavenly King returns to his palace, since the Heavenly King must live as a captor for three years,
It is not allowed to take the high-speed Tianwang Palace Wangyue exam,
That's why I didn't tell you my identity.
After returning to the palace for three years until the expiration of the term,
I wanted to tell you my identity right away, but you were expelled from your mother,
I'm worried that you won't be able to accept the gap in motherhood,
So there is no after.
Tomb family’s credit for Bingming’s bankruptcy in the first place,
You said it's yours, and it's true.
Although I can only live as an ordinary person
But I can use my later powers
Arrange some business for the lonely family and quickly
That business is a 10 billion contract with a street group
It was really you who arranged it
Regardless of you and Gujia
Everyone hopes that the lonely family can enter
You can leave some time on the way to the river
Come to 10 billion
I arranged for the lonely family to enter
The aura of the first-rate stone armor along the river
You told me twice that you are the King of Heavens
Normally no news, unexpected
you really are
Then say so
I don't think so
The day the villain disowned himself
God doesn’t recognize it. Heaven doesn’t recognize it. Heaven doesn’t recognize it.
I'm not actually
I don’t recognize God, I’m so twisted
yes yes
Give us real support
Above the clouds
Then we will
Not enough to be a top-notch general who can conquer the sea
It's later
He can also become a big star, Ben Ben Ben.
Sadness is that the old man established his adopted son back then
You also want me to bargain for the price
But the old man has eyes.
It's a matter, second uncle
They are all philanthropists
Is it worth taking advantage of the money?
There were some misunderstandings before
They're all my old collaborators, aren't they?
Don't focus on admiring
Oh, sick mother
I just asked you to be expelled from the family
It was also a moment of anger.
You are still the vice chairman of our tomb family
and i declare
From now on, you will belong to our tomb family.
response heres
Good grandma's crime
I didn’t expect that it might not be too good.
when in danger
I just want to break up with Tianwang Hua
Shower lady eviction award
Now we know the identity of the king
Brother, if you want to take it, you will die
How can there be such beautiful things in the world?
I don't care about you. What you say is false.
You can assume the position of chairman like this, otherwise it will be fine
My position as chairman is
I'll leave it to you to take care of you. There's nothing you can do about it.
The old lady and the uncle's family
Will no longer serve as any successor to the company
It's just about dividends, isn't it?
Don't be too exaggerated. What's wrong?
The secret of the king
Dare you keep it a secret?
It's a secret that I will reincarnate with him again.